Tracy you've done you've done so much I
mean from Shakespeare to salted you've
been through EastEnders and everything
it's not anything you haven't or any
regrets no not regret so much about what
I what I've done oh it was a shame for
me that my father didn't live long
enough to see what the career that
frightened him so much kind of developed
into you know a successful career and if
you had suppose you've had sort of one
wish I think if you can live your life
and pretty much know that you've had at
least had the bottle to do the things
that you've wanted to do I think a lot
of people get frightened and I think it
I think I've gone against fear all my
life just do the thing that frightens
you the most just do it don't make a
drama out of the small stuff and enjoy
just get as much enjoyment out of life
as you can one of which is food just
solid you know if it's got a few extra
calories in it just eat it now you've
got oh yeah who would they be
um well I think my first guess would be
a Roman writer called serotonin yes he
was like the sort of 3 a.m. girl of
Roman history
he would go rally picked up all the
scattered he was like a real gossip
mongering journalist Dorothy Parker yeah
just because I think she was the
prettiest woman alive I think I would
then have either I put the offer out to
Mel Brooks first and if he couldn't come
out have Larry David yes and then I
think I'd invite and Bette Davis because
she's my icon I love Bette Davis and I
think her and Dorothy would be
interesting I think they'd be an
explosion a bit what I was good on
ridging by Bette Davis and Joan Crawford
I thought that would be very interesting
and then I would invite I would like to
have Nelson Mandela for obvious reasons
why I think Madison inspiration and I
think he would temper all the egos at
the table